Migrated documentation for textareas (#366)
indiana-university/rivet-source: src/components/textarea/README.md

# Textarea

> Textarea are a multiline text input. They allow users to enter various types of data into web-based forms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A multiline text input field that allows users to enter various types of data into web-based forms
```

## When to use

> Use textareas for information that includes multiple sentences or lines. This can include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use textareas for input fields that require multiple sentences or lines. This can include items such as:
```

- Descriptions
- Issues
- Proposals

## When to use something else

> If the information you require takes only one line, a text input is more appropriate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the input field requires only one line, a text input is more appropriate.
```
